How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    Most of the time as a developer, one makes silly mistakes that he doesn't notice
    easily, however after the diff instruction it was much more clearer where the
    changes were, which is the most probable place to find the bug.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    As a programmer, one sometimes like to play and twist the code a little to
    find what caused a problem, or to add a new feature that doesn't work probably
    so he would like to revert back to an older version. So this gave me the balls
    to do such tweaks, without feeling scared of losing any progress that I have 
    had accomplished before.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    The computational time overhead although not much, but for slower devices can 
    be considered something. Another disadvantage for me, is when taking an 
    automatic version at certain time periods this may cause some trouble, as I 
    would be lost in finding the correct version that I want, sometimes I would
    be goofying around the code seeing different things, this would cause some
    trouble if actually commited. On the other hand, having it made manually
    would cause another problems, for example, when there is a power loss or an 
    no internet connection, without any cloud saving this will be sometimes
    frustrating. Another thing, is that one may do a lot of work without remembering
    to commit, so after commiting there will probabaly cause some problems being
    bundled together.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Because one can easily change multiple files to fix a single bug, so it makes
    a lot of sense to bundle them together in a single commit, while google docs is
    simply a cloud text editor, so it isn't supposed to support such feature.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    First, we can find the commit that we want using the log and the messages inserted
    with each log, then we use diff command to compare between the different commits
    at the same time, and watch the difference between them.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    At least when my current version totally fails before the deadline by 5 mins, I
    would have the chance to deliever something and not nothing, I will be more 
    comfortable working with others knowing that I can simply returen to a previous
    version.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Nothing much actually, I didn't feel the difference I already had the auto-complete
    built in the shell, which I think is the most important feature. Playing with colors
    is good however I wasn't interested that much.
    